Update Sui Explorer links to docs and UI on Explore index (#1810)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/explore/index.md

## Sui Explorer

> Navigate the [Sui Explorer](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/tree/main/explorer/client#readme) to see the latest blocks, transactions, and cluster statistics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate the [Sui Explorer](https://explorer.devnet.sui.io/) to see the latest transactions and objects. [Here](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/tree/main/explorer/client#readme) are the instructions on how to run the explorer locally.
```
